Hello! My name is Chris, and I am a Computer Science student at the University of British Columbia.  I am in my 4th and final year and am looking to be a software developer when I graduate.   
The best part of software development is the ability to create something hugely influential with just a computer and some basic ability to learn.  In today's world, most innovations are created by brute force, with lots of money and time to marginally improve things.  Whether it be engineering, science, medicine, anywhere where money is involved, innovation requires many more resources than a small group of people or one person can provide.  With the ability to program, these innovations can be created with only a good idea and the ability to learn.  I learned that if I want to make something happen, I can make it happen.  Through my time at UBC, I have acquired a base of knowledge that gives me a good approach to anything I want to do.  Sometimes a personal project or a school project seems impossible at first, but taking things step by step allows it to be broken into parts that I can learn, and in turn completing this project while learning as I go.  This is my favorite part of software development, and why I am so interested in it. 
I would say the most important thing I have learned in school, and out of school, is how to learn.  I believe I am very good at picking things up fast and always believing in my abilities.  I have also gained many skills in the software development world.  I have experience in all the most common languages and would say I am strongest in Python, C, and Javascript/Typescript.  I also have experience with databases and have used Postgres SQL and Oracle for multiple projects.  
Currently I am a TA (teacher's assistant) for CPSC 317 at UBC.  CPSC 317 is a course about computer networking.  It’s one of my favorite courses at UBC and I am glad to be getting more in-depth knowledge about it.  I lead a tutorial once a week and go over some content from class.  I enjoy teaching these as it  
Also, I do other things! My favorite thing to do is probably mountain biking. I consider myself very lucky to have grown up in North Vancouver and have access to arguably some of the best trails in the world.  I have worked in a bike shop since I was 14, which has been an awesome experience as I have gone through school.  It has really helped me be better with people and working with others (not that they were hard to work with, they are cool). I also made a website for the shop which is over on the projects page. 
I am excited to work as a software developer in the future.  With the ability to work full-time on a project, I think I will be able to accomplish great things to the benefit of the company that I am working for. 

 